There are seven credit unions that offer
business lines of credit with no docks.
And I'm going to share which bureau they
pull and what their no dock limit is.
Now, everyone talks about business lines
of credit like they're impossible to get
without tax returns, bank statements,
and years in business. That's not
actually true. My team and I spent
hundreds of hours calling credit unions
directly and asking very specific
questions like, "Do you approve no doc
business lines of credit? Which bureau
do you pull? and how much exposure do
you allow between a business credit card
and the beock? And what we found even
shocked us. And in this video, I'm going
to show you seven credit unions that
approve no doc business lines of credit.
This is real data from a real funding
company, not guesswork from a guru, not
rumors off of Reddit. Now, if you're new
to the channel, my name is Colin
Matthew, and I'm a 8-year United States
Marine Corps veteran who runs a real
business funding company with 20
employees. Links to work with my team to
fix your credit or get 100K plus in
business funding and deploy it into cash
flowing assets are in in the pin comment
and description below. Let's get into
it. First up is NIHFCU.
They do a single poll on your Experian
bureau is valid for 30 days. Now, within
that 30-day window, you could apply for
one business card and one beock. The
combined max exposure is 30K or less.
This is a clean play if you're early
stage funding and want minimal inquiries
while testing NOD do approvals. Next up
is SE Federal Credit Union. They also do
a single Experian poll that's valid for
30 days. They allow one business credit
card and one Block, but the big
difference here is the combined cap goes
up to 100K or less. That makes this one
of the strongest no do options on this
list when you stack it correctly. Next
up is FirstTech Federal Credit Union.
Again, they pull Experian as well, and
the poll is good for 30 days. They allow
one business card and one business line
of credit with a maximum combined
exposure of 100K or less. So, this is a
very solid credit union for higher limit
no business leverage. Now, let's talk
about Langley FCU. Finally, an Equifax
poll coming in. And this is a 60-day
window to be able to apply for up to
$75,000 max exposure on one business
line of credit and one business credit
card. So, we like this longer window
here, right, to be able to apply for the
beock and the card. We've actually
gotten up to $50,000 on their card and
up to $55,000 or so on their beock as
well. Next up, Justice Federal Credit
Union Justice pulls TransUnion and their
poll is valid for 60 days. Now, we've
heard mixed things. We've called and
heard some bankers say they pull
Equifax. We've had some bankers tell us
they pull TransUnion. I'm leaning more
towards Equifax on this one. They do a
beock and a card up to 75,000. This is a
very useful option if you're managing
bureau strategy and want to avoid
another bureau like Experian that's
widely pulled. Next up is AODFCU.
They use a single Equifax poll valid for
60 days. They allow one business card
and one beock with a maximum combined
exposure of just 50,000 or less. Not the
highest limits on our list, but it's
another option out there for a lot of
you guys for solid stacking with other
credit unions. And finally, Alliant
Credit Union. Alliant pulls Experian or
TransUnion with a 60-day valid with a
60-day validity window. They allow one
business card and one business line of
credit with a combined cap of up to
$100,000 or less. This is one of the
strongest nationwide digital credit
unions for no do business funding out
there. Now, here's the biggest takeaway
that most people miss. These specific
credit unions don't want tax returns.
They don't want bank statements. They
don't even need P&Ls or anything like
that. They care about your personal
credit scores, how you structure your
profile, your relationship, and how much
total exposure they're willing to extend
at one time based off of your good
credit scores. If you sequence this
correctly, manage your bureau polls one
or two per bureau, and understand the
timing windows, you can literally stack
multiple six figures and no doc business
funding without hitting too many hard
inquiries on your report. Now, if this
video helped you at all, guys, don't be
a mouth breather. Hit like, hit
subscribe. Got more value coming out.
Next video, I'm going to be breaking
down how to sequence these unions step
by step so you don't trigger any
internal exposure limits or waste any of
your hard pulls. Now guys, as always,
links to work with my team for credit
repair or to get 100K plus in business
funding deployed into cash flowing
assets are in the pin comment and the
description below. It's credit with
Colin. See you guys on the next one.
Those